Janine has long been a stronghold of
armed resistance the Palestinians being
buried killed in an Israeli drone strike
among them a leader of Islamic jihad's
Janine
Battalion Israel's increasingly brutal
tactics in the occupied West Bank a sign
of how much of a threat descent here
represents to the
occupation for the past 2 and a half
years in Janine refugee camp just the
camp not including surrounding areas
around 100 people have been killed there
is always a house in morning in Janine
refugee camp houses in morning are never
closed in
Janine Israeli troops injured more than
a dozen people in overnight raids
blocking ambulances detaining paramedics
Palestinian Fighters hit back with
improvised
explosives one of the Medics
interrogated by Israeli soldiers said
they too were caught up in the
clashes the
Israeli soldiers checked each of our
three ambulances it took a lot of time
they searched thoroughly and violently
and damaged equipment they searched each
car kept us waiting then there was
shooting and we took cover behind their
[Music]
Jeeps despite the violence that has
followed the October 7th Hamas attacks
Palestinians their positions hardening
say it serves as a reminder of their
enemy
weaknesses Israel forces have killed
more than 200 people in the occupied
West Bank since the events of October
7th the idea being keep up pressure on
Palestinians here prevent any
retaliation for Gaza but it could be a
strategy that is backfiring because
frustration is
growing incidents like this add to
public anger an Israeli soldier
approaches a mosque near ramala just
before Friday morning prayers throwing a
sound grenade inside unclear to what end
end also on Friday two Palestinians were
shot at a checkpoint north of heon
killed during an attempted attack on
Israeli Soldiers the second such attack
on a checkpoint in as many days they
were using small handmade submachine
guns synonymous with past
uprisings laying the dead to rest in the
occupied territories far from a quiet
affair they fire their guns they March
they chant saying raise the martyrs up
Let the whole world
see refusing to be ignored refusing to
go
quietly Zan basravi Al jazer ramala in
the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer